updating anatomy settings docs (#23)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/admin_settings_project_anatomy.md

| `root[name]` | Path to root folder |
| `project[name]` | Project's full name |
| `project[code]` | Project's code |

> | `hierarchy` | All parents path between project and asset |

Reviewer: I don't think this is much clearer than before. Maybe like this?
```suggestion
| `hierarchy` | All folder between the asset and a project connected with `/` |
```

| `frame` | Frame number for sequence files. |
| `app` | Application Name |
| `user` | User's login name (can be overridden in local settings) |
| `output` | Extract review output profile name |
| `comment` | Publishing commit message |

> | `colorspace` | Colorspace profile name |

Reviewer: missing `originalBasename`

## Attributes

Project attributes are used as default values for new *folders* created under a project, except `Applications` which is project specific. Values of attributes that are **not** project specific are always used from *folders*. So if `tools` are not loading as expected it is because the *folders* have different values.

![anatomy_attributes](assets/settings/anatomy_attributes.png)

| Attribute | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Applications` | List of applications that can be used in the project. At the moment used only as a possible filter of applications. |
| `Tools` | List of application tools. This value can be overridden per asset. |

## Folder Types

:::info
Folder and its types is a upcoming feature. Templates are not supporting it yet.
:::

> All hierarchical parents are called **folder**. Each folder is having its type for visual differentiation. Folders are also  accessible via templates as `{folder[type]}`.

Reviewer: We should probably just link to the folder section in artist key concepts, so we're not explaining the same thing in the glossary and other places too. 

It's also a bit confusing that we're showing their setup, but saying they are upcoming feature. The are already fully functional, ,just don't work in the templates, so I'd simplify here a little bit in general
